Complete overhaul of Org ReadMe file (#21)
instructlab/.github: profile/README.md

* The ability to contribute ideas is limited by a lack of AI/ML expertise. One has to learn how to fork, train, and refine models to see their idea move forward. This is a high barrier to entry.
* There is no direct community governance or best practice around review, curation, and distribution of forked models.

**InstructLab is here to solve these problems.**

The project enables community contributors to add additional "skills" or "knowledge" to a particular model ([read more about these in the `taxonomy` README](https://github.com/instructlab/taxonomy/blob/main/README.md)).

InstructLab's model-agnostic technology gives model upstreams with sufficient infrastructure resources the ability to create regular builds of their open-source licensed models not by rebuilding and retraining the entire model but by composing new skills into it.

Take a look at "lab-enhanced" models on the [InstructLab Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/instructlab) page.

## Get Started with InstructLab

> * Check out the [Community README](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/README.md) to get started with using the project. (Contribution guides are included in this document.)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check out the [Community README](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/README.md) to get started with using and contributing to the project.
```

* You may wish to read through the [project's FAQ](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/FAQ.md) to get more familiar with all aspects of InstructLab.
* You can find all the ways to collaborate with project maintainers and your fellow users of InstructLab beyond GitHub by visiting our [project collaboration](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/Collaboration.md) page.

## Code of Conduct

Participation in the InstructLab community is governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> ## Quick Links

Reviewer: Seems there are no links here - should we remove this section?

Reviewer 2: It's a heading with a set of "quick links" type subsections (or that is how I read it anyway)

Reviewer: Ohhhh yes that makes sense - if that's the case @lhawthorn can resolve and ignore this comment for me

### Governance

> Overview of how InstructLab project [governance](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/governance.md) operates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/governance.md) for an overview of how InstructLab project is governed.
```

Reviewer 2: I think s/here/the governance document/ or s/here/the community repository/ would be a little nicer -- something other than "here"

> <p align="center">
> <img src="https://github.com/instructlab/.github/blob/main/assets/instructlab-banner.png">
> </p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Banner](https://github.com/instructlab/.github/blob/main/assets/instructlab-banner.png)
```

With this nice banner, I don't think it's necessary to do the custom HTML anymore.

> InstructLab is a model agnostic open source AI project that faciliates contributions to Large Language Models (LLMs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
InstructLab is a model-agnostic open-source AI project that facilitates contributions to Large Language Models (LLMs).
```

Author: open source is never hyphenated. This is a hill I will die on. :) will fix model-agnostic.

Reviewer 2: - this project is open source. (not hyphenated as a noun)
- open-source software (hyphenated as an adjective)

https://www.grammarly.com/blog/hyphen/

This isn't about open source specifically, but just grammar ... but it's not a hill I will die on.

We are on a mission to let anyone shape generative AI by enabling contributed updates to existing LLMs in an accessible way.

**Our community welcomes all those who would like to help us enable ***everyone*** to shape the future of generative AI.**

> # Why InstructLab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Why InstructLab
```

There are many projects rapidly embracing and extending permissively licensed AI models, but they are faced with three main challenges:

> * Contribution to LLMs is not possible directly. They show up as forks, which forces consumers to choose a “best-fit” model that isn’t easily extensible, plus the forks are expensive for model creators to maintain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Contribution to LLMs is not possible directly. They show up as forks, which forces consumers to choose a “best-fit” model that isn’t easily extensible. Also, the forks are expensive for model creators to maintain.
```

> * The ability to contribute ideas is limited by a lack of AI/ML expertise. One has to learn how to fork, train, and refine models in order to see their idea move forward. This is a high barrier to entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ability to contribute ideas is limited by a lack of AI/ML expertise. One has to learn how to fork, train, and refine models to see their idea move forward. This is a high barrier to entry.
```

* There is no direct community governance or best practice around review, curation, and distribution of forked models.

**InstructLab is here to solve these problems.**

The project enables community contributors to add additional "skills" or "knowledge" to a particular model ([read more about these in the `taxonomy` README](https://github.com/instructlab/taxonomy/blob/main/README.md)).

> InstructLab's model agnostic technology gives model upstreams with sufficient infrastructure resources the ability to create regular builds of their open source licensed models not by rebuilding and retraining the entire model, but by composing new skills into it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
InstructLab's model-agnostic technology gives model upstreams with sufficient infrastructure resources the ability to create regular builds of their open-source licensed models not by rebuilding and retraining the entire model but by composing new skills into it.
```

Take a look at "lab-enhanced" models on the [InstructLab Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/instructlab) page.

> # Get Started with InstructLab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Get Started with InstructLab
```

> * Check out the [Community ReadMe](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/README.md) to get started with using the project. (Contribution guides are included in this document.)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Check out the [Community README](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/README.md) to get started with using the project. (Contribution guides are included in this document.)  
```

* You may wish to read through the [project's FAQ](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/FAQ.md) to get more familiar with all aspects of InstructLab.

> * You can find all the ways to collaborate with project maintainers and your fellow users of InstructLab beyond GitHub by visitng our [project collaboration](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/Collaboration.md) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can find all the ways to collaborate with project maintainers and your fellow users of InstructLab beyond GitHub by visiting our [project collaboration](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/Collaboration.md) page.
```

> # Code of Conduct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Code of Conduct
```

> Participation in the InstructLab community is governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Participation in the InstructLab community is governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```

> # Quick Links

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Quick Links
```

> ## Governance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Governance
```

Overview of how InstructLab project [governance](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/governance.md) operates.

> ## Security

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Security
```

# Quick Links

### [Command-line Interface](https://github.com/instructlab/instructlab)
## Governance

This command-line interface for InstructLab will allow you to create models tuned with data you provide using the InstructLab method on your laptop or workstation.
Overview of how InstructLab project [governance](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/governance.md) operates.

* [Repo](https://github.com/instructlab/instructlab)
* [Contributing](https://github.com/instructlab/instructlab/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING/CONTRIBUTING.md)
## Security

> [!IMPORTANT]
> It is important to understand that running InstructLab on a laptop will give you a low-fidelity approximation of both synthetic data generation (using the `ilab generate` command)
> and model instruction tuning (using the `ilab train` command, which uses QLoRA.) The quality of the results you get using these tools on a laptop will not be as high-fidelity as they might be using
> a larger teacher model and a different training method. We have optimized InstructLab to enable community members with modest hardware to be able to use the technique. If you have more sophisticated

> > hardware, you can configure InstructLab to use a larger teacher model [such as Mixtral](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/mixtral) in order to achieve higher-fidelity results.

Reviewer 2: This seems important for setting expectations. Do you feel this is sufficiently covered somewhere else?

Author: It is covered in the ilab README hence I think it is both covered and out of place here.

> Security policies and practices, including reporting vulnerabilities can be found in our [Security.md](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/SECURITY.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Security policies and practices, including reporting vulnerabilities, can be found in our [SECURITY.md](https://github.com/instructlab/community/blob/main/SECURITY.md) document.
```

> ## Read the Paper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Read the Paper
```

> ### Acknowledgements

Reviewer 2: Dropped back a level because it doesn't seem like a sub-section of "Quick Links"

```suggestion
## Acknowledgements
```

> The infrastructure used to regularly train models based on new contributions from the community is donated and maintained by IBM.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The infrastructure used to regularly train models based on new contributions from the community is donated and maintained by IBM.
```
